---
category: reference
---
Instead of using a local `options` object each time you call the graph method, you can also set options in the global options object.

Options shared between the global options object and local objects that are set via the global object act as defaults for each call to the graph method, any options that are then provided directly to the graph method via a local object will override those of the global object.

The two options shared between the global options object and local objects are `crawlLimit` and `stripDeeperLinks`.

**strict** (boolean)  Switches weather the spider only allows reciprocal rel="me" links or not. A reciprocal is where site links into the graph and another site in the graph links back. True will give you less results, but with less of a chance of error. Defaults to false.

**logLevel** (integer) There are 4 levels of logging in Elsewhere 4 log, 3 info, 2 warn and 4 error. The 4 setting returns the the finest logging level only relevant in a debugging scenario. Deaults to 3 

**crawlLimit** (integer) The number of links Elsewhere will follow without a successful verification before it abandons the chain. Defaults to 3.

**domainLimit** (integer) The number of links crawled within one domain before the crawling of any subsequent links is abandoned. Defaults to 3,

**stripDeeperLinks** (boolean) If set to `true` then Elsewhere will discard links that share a domain with another link or links at a shallower level. E.g. plus.google.com/{id} is kept, while plus.google.com/{id}/posts is discarded. Defaults to true.

**cacheTimeLimit** The amount of time graphs and links are kept in the cache for before they are discarded. Time is set in Defaults to 3600000.

**cacheItemLimit** (integer) The number of items to keep in cache before some are discarded. Use to limit memory. Defaults to 1000 


If you are running Elsewhere as a server then you may set these options directly in `lib/options.js`. Here is some example usage of the options object:
    
    elsewhere.options.strict = false;

